Introduction
	Start with introduction of a real data problem that off the shelf methods in literature are not able to solve it, so we came up with our own method.
	Emphasise that only input is current data and the grouping, everything else is estimated from data and adaptive (no prior weights or parameter specifications necessary).
	Contrast with group lasso, especially the different philosophies. Specifically explain why the group lasso cannot solve this type of problem (less flexible, no adaption to groups, not sensible for large groups because it can only select whole group, etc). Sparse group lasso might solve the large group problem, but is still not flexible.
	Add references to grouped testing methods and optionally suggestions by first reviewer.
	Reference to Zhang, Xu, and Zhang (2018).

Methods
	Move extensions to supplementary.
Simulations
	Add extra methods
		Group lasso, grpreg package, only groups
		group MCP (minimax concave penalty), grpreg package, only groups
		group SCAD (smoothly clipped absolute deviation), grpreg package, only groups
		composite MCP, grpreg package
		group exponential lasso, grpreg package
		Latent group lasso (overlapping groups), grpregOverlap, needs multiple partitions
		Sparse group lasso, SGL package, not possible with unpenalized covariates
		Adaptive group lasso, grpreg with group.multiplier, only groups
		wPAM and wPLS, not implemented
		Check literature for more (Rockova and Lesaffre, 2014, and Liquet, Mengersen, Pettitt, and Sutton, 2017) 
	More simulations
		Many small groups
		Same effect over groups, but strong correlations within groups
		Find setting in which gren doesn't work (or is worse than other methods)
		Investigate why it works: plot of predicted probabilities, check characteristics of selected features, etc.

Data
	Find data with less user input (no preliminary experiment), possibly cervical cancer and conservation status data.
		metabolomics array, alzheimer, quality control
		sequenced microRNAs, colorectal cancer, previous study
		sequenced microRNAs, cervical pre-cancer, conservation status
		methylation array, cervical pre-cancer, CpG island annotation
		Arcene cancer data (https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Arcene, used in Jianyu, Liu, Guan, Yu, Yufeng, Liu; 2018)
	Move colon cancer section to supplementary material
	Investigate why it works in this particular data: predicted probabilities, selected feature checks
	add extra methods (see simulations)
	emphasise stability selection

Discussion
	Reiterate the minimal input of the user and added value of new method.
	Give timings of the method, compared to other methods.





Dear Dr. van de Wiel,

I appreciate you reaching out to us with your request. It is indeed important to us at Biostatistics that we provide you appropriate and timely feedback on your work. 

I agree that the referee reports are short but they are extremely consistent with both reviewers clearly stating that you have not sufficiently demonstrated the unique practical advance over the large amount of literature existing in the area. As you point out, you have mentioned some differences in the discussion and provided a simulation study comparing a small number of approaches. 

I would be willing to consider a revision of your work if you made a substantial effort to rework the simulation examples and practical case studies to demonstrate clearly unique cases where your method works and others don't (as well as the reverse case!). This comparison should include, not just the EN and Grouped Lasso, but other methods that approach this same problem as well. There would need to be clear empirical demonstration on real data of a unique advantage of this approach for it to be a good fit at Biostatistics. 

I recognize that that is a major request and therefore will understand if you are not interested in pursuing publication at Biostatistics given the uncertainty that would go with such a revision. If you do undertake a revision please do let us know when it is submitted so that I can handle it again as co-editor.

 Regardless I wish you the best of luck with the paper. 

Best

Jeff Leek
co-Editor Biostatistics






Reviewer: 1

Comments to the Author
In this paper the authors have developed a Empirical Bayes Elastic net model, where the elastic net penalty are assigned on predetermined separate groups. The paper is written in full details. However, in my opinion the scientific contribution and novelty of the methodology is just incremental. Elastic net itself is designed to do the grouping. So, I am not sure why putting group penalty elastic net will be better than other group penalty methods like group lasso. Also Bayesian logistic regression can be formulated based on Polya-Gamma latent variables (Polson et al.)  and that need to be incorporated in your modeling strategy. Why no comparison between the proposed method and at least the group lasso which assigns the group penalty. The model contains several tuning/prior parameters. Sensitivity analysis need to be provided for that. How much your model is scalable? EM is notoriously slow. The authors have also missed several relevant references and should put some more focus on the literature review.

•	https://projecteuclid.org/euclid.ba/1473276258
•	https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/01621459.2013.829001 
•	https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0167947317300440 
•	https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0167947310003671 




Reviewer 2:
General comments 
This paper considered a group-regularized (logistic) elastic net regression method. The method uses the Bayesian formulation of logistic elastic net regression to estimate both the model and penalty parameters in an approximate empirical-variational Bayes framework. Simulation studies are conducted and a real data analysis is made for illustration. 
The paper is interesting and has certain merits but I have some concerns as follows. 
Specific comments 
1. The elastic net including a penalty term of the L1 and L2-norm of regression coefficients is well defined in the literature and was also applied to logistic regression models. This paper considered the use of group elastic net method. Compared to Meier et al (2008, JRSS B) who used group lasso penalty, you proposed to use the group elastic net. This extension is fine, but the novelty is rather little in this sense. 
2. In (2.2), the penalization parameters λ1 , λ2 and λg appears in the forms of λ1 sqrt􏰟(λg′) and 
λ2λ′g. A question is, is there is an identifiability issue here? If not, why not? 
3. The computational load and time: As commented in the Discussion, the proposed method uses the double EM loop, which not only increases the chance of ending up in a local optimum but also can be very time consuming in computation. It would be helpful by commenting on the computation time, for example, in the real data analysis. 

